Talk also to our tutorial 3
I'll tell you now, explain here.
how to install the track inside the
bar fact here
this is a very simple way it 's easy
too much to do this
anyone you download and
any link after you is to get the
archive
I 'm here with an adult who's
doing forfun in the Netherlands
apply extract here
usually the lanes come with a paste
with the name of the track, right?
ie reading fact there is the folder
locations within the game data folder
I downloaded the track here to extract the
accountability that take it or
copy the sap is here there will pity
of betrayed peace is a factor
inside the game data folder
sought the folder locations here just the
opel cheese I've already put the folder here
in already has installed and takes only and
here in this locations folder and
necklace bets in here
It's all for that if you find another one.
track you want to play
you can download the track do not extract the
sometimes it comes with
which game data folder is it?
together, just copy and paste here
bet location is usually the
interesting you only pick up the folder
with the name that has the name of the track that
all point files but here map the
gb that your graphics here and put
within the location folder 2.15 programs
it was a fact that the folder is the game
data locations gets picked up and glued to the track
here only this is done
now let's see how the track
inside the game
Over time you had a
Score here on tv that's thomson
greater good I can not even buy
willingness to take advantage of the
edis pass fast over here is like
choose another vehicle that had
started to show you in total
past
if I want to buy the kingdom here now
newspaper design here hat
cap
if I want to buy it from the baby
I think I even bought it because I spent
all my score I had already
I understand I had not spent the punctuation
of fulfilling several cars
Let's buy that for example I would pick up
brabham niki lauda
the rate also already bought gold already
I bought all the cases in our pq
all this is the culprit because what I did
The code was for you guys to get all
the expensive is not worth
So, to see what the problem is, it's over.
in management here ok let's go to the track
Let's go to the track here.
meet in week play test train the
fla in test the track goes around there, right?
here in pole position thesis same weekend
weekend that's the one here the track
Default that comes with this lack, right?
knife only see this clue here you can
occur normally
and all tracks are installed in that
folder location that I explained there all
will appear here as much as a test
sofas a week and can choose a
pilot you are a normal race is
shorter
if I had it here and another
version of it here that cyclical and
appeared yesterday the day before yesterday clicked the
second lane loaded will carry
track here already appears here
the loading screen to enter the
track
this applies to any other type of
usually the pattern was fact to happen
choose a weekend to make a
simple run but always loads 10
ten pilots there you next to the guard of the
game you can add more this only
when you run right fly is here O
This is the home screen within the game.
that's it, you're already on the next track
tutorial explain to you there we go
make adjustments to the clothes and
Difficulties on how to know the
garage screens here in the next
step-by-step tutorials
lucky for you
hug until the next